Run security rules from PSRule by default, and exclude repeated rules (#277)
Azure/template-analyzer: docs/customizing-evaluation-outputs.md

# Customizing Evaluation Outputs

## Overview

> Template BPA customization is authored in JSON. Custom evaluation settings are written in a separate configuration and used on tool execution. See the main README for details on [how to run Template BPA with a configuration file](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer#using-the-template-bpa). It currently only supports the JSON-based rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using an additional JSON configuration file, the Template BPA can be customized in how it runs JSON-based rules.  For example, specific rules can be included in/excluded from execution, or the severity of a rule can be changed. See the main README for details on [how to run Template BPA with a configuration file](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer#using-the-template-bpa).

**Note:** The configuration file only affects JSON-based rules; PSRule rules cannot be configured here at this time.
```
